tactically the details obviously you
should take a pen he knows that playing
I tried to play aggressive take the ball
early and then because I'm doing at vs
to do too so I have to play differently
against international playing the player
of many other players and he has to be
the same thing because you know just do
the regular rallied always making a
novena and that's why sometimes it
sounds more difficult actually more
simple because you know exactly what you
need to do you only get one shot and
evaluate some time this way African
triggering otherwise to the jerk ground
I can you know is right here running
over that little bit of take control of
it so it's good I believe we had a good
match up there the open and face back
page of the Internet hey Roger girl in
the end of another long season there's
been a lot of talk about the short hop
season then wondering if you think
there's a certain effort now to address
this and whether in a couple years the
along the off season schedule food
int it before I think yeah looking after
they would have thought the tournament
is a playable mother short of for the
season I was no doubt about it I was
always into the papers the tournaments I
hope they read understand this point I
remember the year finishing so like that
mr. baby greatest thing ever maybe for
many years I mean I remember your
patience so made by wiggling in years
ago play what is what it is you know I
think she has no religion more breaks
nation during the season really is more
about another city for going after corn
concurrent so the decision to condemn
you I can make with either one Connor
basic as air genasi it's important that
restriction the rankings are gonna drop
like a stone like but I still think it's
just what I need we got the kind of
short without hurting many tournaments
and hope that we can reach your
agreement there okay also that is going
to work a frivolous love to present
anxious
hyperbole away from us man is the wife
and daughters very much so how do you
connect with them and they're
interesting from Heaven's at your
daughter's been rolling in every day
staying in touch you see how they're
doing and I think it was very different
at the beginning somewhat producers that
you know that the hands near solo que
não great stories about the kids of the
doing stuff something it's fundamental
within this Julian and I like play
doubles good in Shanghai taking it again
I can I've gained do some match I mean
physically everybody knows no but like
he is hardly dropped any any games in
single so obviously this is one very me
since you seem to sing and play singles
and doubles here but a lot of reasons
I think restructure yourself before he
plays in bother again schedule seems
fine hooked up in there was an hour out
of the class in 3-4 hours I think native
speaker type I'm the one who's still
here please ladies already comes up in
bed i also have to go back and read more
I got enough of a rest in my match is
very easy to do so I don't think this
would be desirable